what happened to the top gear debacle
over the Tesla Roadster and this is
basically where Top Gear
falsely implied false report that the
Tesla Roadster had run out of energy
would when they tested it which which it
didn't affect the whole vehicle is a
detailed computer lock so we can see it
and and and then also we when we drop
the car off one of our guys happen to
see a script sitting on the table
we've already dropped the car off and so
reading through the script and in the
script the car breaks down like wait a
second you wrote the script before we
even gave you the car so there's
something wrong wrong about that they
call then really was shaping up to be
something wonderful
[Music]
although Tesla say it will do 200 miles
we worked out that on our track it would
run out after just 55 miles and if it
does run out it's not a quick job to
charge it up again 90 mm transy 90 mm
[Applause]
our three times more expensive than
Elise's doesn't matter and it doesn't
appear you get much in the way of
reliability either oh I don't believe
this
the motors overheating and I've got
reduced power while it cooled down we
went together silver car out again only
to find that while it was being charged
its brakes had broken so then with the
light fading we had no cars at all the
first electric car that you might
actually want to buy it's just a shame
that in the real world it doesn't seem
to work
[Applause]
[Music]
I think the price will come down you
know one spotter called Brad Cruz and
Leonardo de Cluny once they've lost six
hundred each
then the price will drop and I guess
once they made a few of them they'll get
better at the reliability well that's as
may be but and as I aim to demonstrate
later on in the show
battery-powered electric cars will soon
die altogether no we are looking forward
to that from below how many weights and
you wouldn't think it was we were hoping
it wouldn't be that bad but then when we
did the hizzle IPO Roadshow we just got
one investor after another asking us why
our car broke down on Top Gear
particularly in Europe every investor we
met with in Europe asked us why our car
broke down and I was like wow this is
ridiculous Top Gear just kept repeating
that episode perhaps you haven't been
telling the truth - nope perhaps
you